2004 was the dawning of a new era for
NASCAR as ten of the sports best drivers
battled for the first NASCAR Cup loud
New Hampshire was the site of the first
race in the chase and as soon as the
race started a few chase drivers saw
their title hopes slip away while
Mayfield and Stewart started their chase
in the garage the number 97 team at Kurt
Busch began their chase in victory lane
Kurt Busch sees the checkered flag and
begins his chase for the Nextel Cup with
a victory the Monster Mile would prove
to be treacherous for even the reigning
champion
just lost control and slid into the time
anger Kurt Busch would take the point
lead heading into Kansas but an early
race spin with Jimmie Johnson would put
that lead in jeopardy
unfortunately for Johnson his troubles
were far from over as he crashed coming
out of turn two ending his day
on the grass
the driver's fortunes would change his
Bush struggled early at Lowe's Motor
Speedway while Jimmy Johnson capitalized
late and scored his first win in the
chain Johnson followed up his victory
with wins at Martinsville and Atlanta to
get within 59 points of Bush whose
ancient expired in the seventh chase
race
era the championship leaders in trouble
as the series headed to Darlington Kurt
Busch was nursing a 41 point lead over
Jeff Gordon Busch encountered trouble
early suffering right front damage after
contact on the track your championship
leader
Gordon dominated until a late race bit
mistake cost the 24 a shot at the wind
and opened the door for a charging
Jimmie Johnson will be Jimmie Johnson
Johnson will take the victory and head
to homestead 18 points behind Bush who
finished sick Kurt Busch started his
homestead weekend ranked by winning the
pole but the wheels came off the wagon
literally as Bush's right front tire
fell off luckily for the 97 team of
caution for the runaway tire kept Busch
on the lead lap and his title hopes
alive Jimmie Johnson and Jeff Gordon
could reach out and touch the title
which came down to a green white
checkered finish
Jimmy Johnson passed jeff gordon on the
restart to take second place but that
would not be enough as Kurt Busch
clinched the title for the first time
pushes championship was the first under
NASA
our history of beer eat